We were saying that we need a way
to access this from the view,
from the user interface.
And we need a single source of truth with
I don't wanna pass this
array with properties.
So we have a better way,
something known as embodiment option.
So embodiment option is
a way that we have to inject
in the view hierarchy objects that
anyone in the hierarchy can use.
And they work like Singleton's so
actually.
If these managers are actually good
candidates for that, make sense?
So we inject in the anywhere in
the hierarchy these managers.
So anyone can access the menu manager or
the cart manager.
That's kinda idea.
Does it make sense?
So how to do that?
First we need to pick where in the
hierarchy we went in check this, anywhere.
But if it's something global,
most of the time,
we can go as app as possible
directly to the app itself.
Okay, to the app itself we
can inject directly here
to the content view for
example we can inject.
This embodiment option and how to do that
through basically,
our old friend modifier.
Embodiment option and
it says that the object
that we can inject has to
comply with observable option.
So that's a protocol, okay?
So if we wanna inject an object so
what's the idea here?
The idea is that I can create here
a variable for my Menu Manager.
I can create an instance of it and
another one for my cart manager.
It's kinda empty at this point like so.
So if I wanna check those
by weights one by one.
So I can add Menu Manager and
I can add cart manager has
two different modifiers.
But they must implement they
must conform to the protocol.
Observable option it's not gonna
work okay does it make sense.
So actually when we wanna inject this
Singleton's these global objects,
those objects must implement a protocol.
So now if I'm gonna Menu Manager
how to implement the protocol,
just column and the name of the protocol.
So observable options.
So this protocol in particular is
not forcing me to do anything.
Just with that slide it's good okay.
So I'm adding Colin observable option on
Menu Manager and cart manager like that.
And what we need to do is
the variable that we wanna
use to subscribe bindings to
something new at published.
So if we want views to
have some bindings to that
variable then we need to
add published is actually
a simple way for
know when that menu is changing.
It's another annotation similar to state.
So we need an observable
object with typically one or
more variables that are published.
Okay, now we'll see how to use this.
Any question?
It's getting more abstract
at this point I know but
at the end we will connect all the dots.
Of course we don't want this
we wanna go to the network and
download this product, okay.
For that, I already have an API.
It's available.
So if you go back here
to working with data,
we have already used data manager
using environment object.
While we didn't create the car
we can actually do that,
we can do that in a minute.
But before doing that,
I'm gonna show you the JSON file.
This is the JSON.
That as you can see, has an array
of categories with products inside.
That is matching my
structure my data model.
Okay, so what I want now is I wanna
download that JSON parse the JSON.
I know it sounds scary, but you will see,
it's actually pretty simple and
straightforward.
And we wanna feel that
array that collection and
then render that on the screen.